c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChanger.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChanger.Tests.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChanger.Tests.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChanger.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChanger.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\obj\Debug\MoneyChanger.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\obj\Debug\MoneyChanger.Tests.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\obj\Debug\MoneyChanger.Tests.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.core.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Models.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChangerBC.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChangerDAL.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChangerBC.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\MoneyChangerDAL.pdb
c:\users\amit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoneyChanger\MoneyChanger.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
